July 3rd-4th:thinking of a proto-type

[why-how-what]

why:
There are still many mysteries about the mind, but I believe that we act with our own will when we are moved by something. Our mission is to crate the world where we mutually enhance each other, in order to make the world better.

how:
Our service will provide 

what:
Here, we see a 


[About a Service]
Abstract: a web service which help us to make an slide-type document.
Examples of the Feature:
    1. It automatically replaces the sentences you want to tell in a slide.
    2. It make an summary of a speech script and make an slide automatically.
    3. It gives us a beautifully orginized slide, depending on conditions such as an acdemic style or a casual style 
    4. it can be used in the cloud way.  

[Why the service]

    1. the essence of speech, specially TED style speech. is literally to make an speech, not explaining a visual aid.however, students seems to be spending too much time on making such a visual aid, not on making a practice of speech
    
    (Personal reason)

    2. making a web service will be a good practice for my job, also.


[Concerns]
    1. I would like to do some business related to "Education", honestly. This web service is not a direct way to make such a dream true.

    2. There is already a company which is doing the almost same business, called Beautifull AI. 

[Technique Required]

1. Front End: html, css, java Script (I will ask someont to do them, because UI/UX is crucial in Web Service).
2. Back End (Server): Java
3. Calculation or Algorithm needed for the service：python, c/c++.

[memo]
	1. 特許(弁理士). 意味のない特許もある。
	2. ハードがないと特許にならないかも。コピーライト。
	3. contributerはお金を払わない
	4. windows だったらC#が良い。GUIが簡単に作れる。GUIプログラミング。
	5. server less AWS, node js AWS で計算させて、GRAPH QLからquery 
	6. Docker上だとOSに依存しにくくなる。
	7. circle.ci, 
	8. FE と BEを作る
	9. server = AWS
	10. AWSのidはgit ignoreすること
	11. Pivotal は pull request で所定の書き方をすると、勝手にタスクを終了してくれる
	14. stock option
	15. relay
	16. Docer
	17. enxyme
	18. medium
	
	
